README

First you have to install nucurses of curse.
When compiling you have to -lncurses

In the code, you have to include the <ncurses.h>, and interestingly it has already include stdio.h .

=====
Initialization:

ch: means the user's input, but the name is not definite.(optional)

start_color(): to start the color functionality.

MEVENT event and mousemask(ALL_MOUSE_EVENT,NULL): to start receiving mouse event.

init_pair(index,front,back): need start_color() in advance. This function give the index two attributes: front color (or what we say the color of word) and background color.

initscr(): call out a window call stdscr which is a screen that will show when running the program.Note that you will have to endwin() in the end of the code to free the memory.

raw() and cbreak(): raw() is when we want the word we input show on the scree nas soon as possible, then we will use raw() to disable line buffering. cbreak() has the same fuction but we seldom use it.

noecho() and echo(): if we input anything on the screen, it will echo and print it again. Those two are to switch in and off.

keypad(stdscr,TRUE): is enables the functional keys (like F2, F3 or arrow keys) on the keypad can be normally input. P.S. F2 will be special called in function KEY_F(2) and etc; and arrow keys will be represented as KEY_UP, KEY_DOWN and etc.

halfdelay(): Wait for supplement... because we hardly use it.

=====
Following are some functions' function:

getch(): usually accompany ch, like ch = getch(), this function is to receive user's input, but only a character, from the keypad or mouse.

getstr(): similar to getch() but it receive a string.

scanw(): similar to scanf() in C.

printw(string): it says to print on the current cursor, Note that the cursor is not where your mouse is, but there will be its own cursor on the screen.

mvprintw(x,y,string): move to the co-ordinate of the screen and print. the co-ordinate (0,0) is left up corner.

addch(ch): print a character at the cursor, mvaddch(x,y,ch) is move to given co-ordinate and print a character.

getmaxyx(stdscr,y,x): it will get the size of your screen.

getyx(stdscr,y,x): it will get your current cursor location.

clear(): to clear all text on your screen.

move(y,x): simply move to the given location.

chgat(type,att,color_index,NULL): it can change the words on the screen without moving cursor. There are two types: 1 is first character and -1 means till the end of the line. att is the attribute you want to give to, color_index is defined by init_pair,and it always NULL. Note that it will only affect on a character or a line.

atton() and attoff(): to give certain things on some attributes, like A_UNDERLINE and so on.

init_color(color_index,r,g,b): to change given color via RGB

For create a new window and destory a window: look up urself on its website.